c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\TestOxyPlot.exe.config
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\TestOxyPlot.exe
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\TestOxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot.g.resources
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot.exe
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\TestOxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\vibeesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestOxyPlot\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
